Top 5 Korean Skincare Products Recommendations For Men: Learning From World Cup
Go to the profile of Akker Chen
Akker Chen
Jun 29, 2018
Watching World Cup whole night and worrying about your skin getting darker and drier? Try Korean skincare products! Here are some tips learning from South Korea goal keeper Cho Hyun-Woo.

Do you still remember the exciting match between German and South Korea? While a lot of people felt happy for South Korea team, many girls were paying attention to the South Korea’s “superhero” goal keeper Cho Hyun-Woo.


Even though he was being shot in a sports camera, he still looks handsome with a super good skin condition. Born in 1991, Cho Hyun-Woo is a professional football player playing an important position in South Korea team. However, after his picture through World Cup broadcast, people not only became fascinated about his football skills but also were curious about the secrets of his skincare recipes. Some even doubted whether he did make-up for the match.

By doing further research, we noticed that other than Cho Hyun-Woo, almost all Korean guys care about their skin conditions and do daily skincare. Here are top five Korean skincare products we found for you:

№1 Innisfree FOREST for men


Innisfree belongs to Korean Cosmetics giant Amore Pacific, who is one of most famous global skincare manufacturers. “FOREST for men” is a special line created for urban men, including cleansing foam, moisture lotion, shaving foam, etc. The FOREST for men moisture lotion is made from Jeju phytoncide and green complex.

The scent is specially designed for men, and the texture is light but powerful of moisturization. It is easy to use too. Simply apply twice a day after washing up your face.

Top Two Laneige Homme Active Water Cream


It is a cream providing two kinds of moisture to men’s skin, give skins enough protections. It also contains Active Water Plus which provides powerful energy to dry skin, making it vibrant and lively. LANEIGE Homme’s Anti-dryness technology forms a powerful double moisture layer that prevents skin dehydration.

It is simple to use. Use during the last step of basic skincare. Apply a small amount and dab onto your palms, then evenly massage from the outside of your face working inward.

Top Three Charmzone Topnews Albatross Moisture


Charmzone Cosmetics is a Korea-based basic skin care and cosmetics company that focuses on maintaining healthy lifestyle beyond beauty. The company research and development has been focusing on basic skincare for 30 years since it was established.

This moisture cream can be easily absorbed by men’s skin. It can relieve dry and tired men skin, smoothen skin surface and improve overall skin condition. It provides both nutrition and moisture to skin, and should be used after cleansing after shave toner. Apply evenly onto your face.

Top Four Etude House Gentle Black Energy Emulsion 150ml


Etude House is one of the most famous Korean skincare brands, who newly launched its Gentleblack men skincare line. The three main ingredients of this line are baobab, black soy bean and black currant leaf. The moisture emulsion is the “star” product of this line. This moisture emulsion is a non-sticky light emulsion type moisture. It keeps fresh moisture on face skin for long hours. The energy toner gives non-drying moisture on tired and dry men’s skin. It provides a perfect skin solution for men’s skin.

Top Five The Face Shop the Gentle for Men Anti-Aging Cream


The Face Shop a Korea-based skincare and cosmetics manufacturer. The Gentle for Men is their special line for men with function of moisturization and anti-age, whose inspiration from traditional beauty industry in Europe that provide comfortable services. With a neutral scent, the brand was transformed into men’s daily skin care processes.

For usage, use in the last step of daily skincare routine. Dispense an adequate amount and apply evenly on skin.

